What do I want to learn or understand better?

One of last weeks personal missions was to become more familiar with the SCRUM work enviroment. While I do feel that I've gotten a better understanding of it, especially with the slicing the cake euphemism I still have a lot to learn. 
Sadly I missed two meetings this week due to personal circumstances, however my group was outstanding and gave me a good tldr of how the project was going to be formed. I understood it well enough to create our business model canvas together with Carl.
I feel as though I've gotten a very good understanding of the project and I'm very content with that. For future learning when it comes to the SCRUM project I believe that working in the SCRUM enviroment will be enough to familiarize myself with it.
My understanding of git has also become better  but I still have a lot more to learn especially when it comes to combining it into my personal work enviroment. I believe that my IT group members will help with it and continued work with it should teach me what I need to know.
My knowledge of libraries has sadly not improved especially as I wasnt present when we decided on what API to use. However I believe that future work will make me competent at even that part.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team to learn something new?

I believe that the business model canvas created by me and Carl creates a good understanding of the project life cycle for the other members. Everything is of course subject to change, but it creates a good view of customer base and connection to the stakeholder.
For the future I don't exactly know what I will teach my other group members, but being active in discussion should create interesting ideas.

What is my contribution to the team's use of scrum?

Me missing this weeks sprint meeting creates a problem for my contribution. Next week however I'd gladly take the role of scrum master to teach myself more about scrum and hopefully contribute a positive work ethic for my group members.

What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries? 

As mentioned before I and Carl worked together on the business model canvas as we as I students felt most familiar with it. For the next week I'm ready to take any piece of work thrown my way to teach myself about programming.
